being a great city ​​Monterrey is
faces the problems that affect
all the big cities sometimes it's
a valley without preparing others a traffic light
decomposed or even a crime that
nobody reports to this situation the
public servants face a
a lot of problems that do not
they can always get to solve is
common that we think that our voice does not
will be heard and apathy will win us
since we do not know what the
means to participate the servers
public also observe many
needs but they do not have their
provision of reliable spaces for
communicate the achievements and suffer from the
lack of credibility on the part of the
citizenship for this both citizens
as public servants are
frustrated because although they have the
intention to generate a change that
change does not reach the integration center
citizen is the 100% trust network
citizen we link and integrate to
citizen and the authorities through
clear and reliable spaces
participation collaborating with the sic
citizens who observe a problem in
the community can now raise a
report easily from your
cellular once the report is validated
is published and a ticket is generated with the
which can track your
status and invite your friends in networks
social organizations to join the proposal and
together with the authorities to achieve a
solution also when a server
public collaborates with the sic receives a
full report of the needs of
citizens and you can direct your
Attention and efforts to what really
interests the community thus improving its
response time and therefore its
credibility join the conversation in
at sic emt and spread the word on
facebook and google + participate with your
opinion on the topics of your interest to
through our website or
simply contact us at our
phones and share your proposals
when we come together we are all part of
the solution